you know we have this saying in English
that anytime you have to explain the
joke it's not going to be funny like
there's no point explaining humor to
someone
anytime that you have to explain to
someone the necessity of being
empathetic that they're not going to be
detected it's not it's not going to work
it's not going to happen this girl named
Sarah Sarah has recently blasted on easy
on an easy owns wife who is now the
husband hi on Twitter and on social
media saying that she was groomed by
them from the age of 14 until she
ultimately was in an intimate
relationship with them four days after
she turned eight how long after you
turned 18
did y'all pursue a relationship so like
when you talk of it like the only
official relationship that ever happened
was a month ago for like two weeks but
there was some much stuff like
it's all just very great basically um
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be completely
honest here I I don't believe like
there's anything that's great about this
white lady who knows another name Chi
when she was only 13
eventually OBC on and then lady bought
took notice of this and became friends
with Sarah when she was only 14 years
old and began texting inappropriate
things had a very inappropriate
friendship beautiful adults keep in mind
becoming friends online and overtaxed
with this young girl hit hard and had
moments of conversations and thoughts
when I was 15 and I know that in the
video that he posted online I basically
was like um nothing is going on guys but
he wanted me to make that video and was
really pressured me into making it I
have bloopers from it of me literally
like having like a mental breakdown like
sobbing because I was just so
overwhelmed at the age of 16 after
having an inappropriate friendly
relationship over text with Kai and Greg
there actually moved in with them
Sarah was going through personal family
issues that led her to confide in Kai
and Greg and shortly after kind of Greg
decided that they would let Sarah move
in at 16
Sarah then of course flipped with them
began appearing in YouTube videos with
them and speculation arose as to what
exactly was going on with this underage
girl living with this adult couple and
he made females that he was it was in a
relationships with a sign NDA's which is
a nondisclosure agreement which means
they can't talk publicly about the
things that go on sympathy is important
as an analytical tool how would you feel
Anna seein if this had happened to you
how would you feel if there were an
older couple who got involved in your
life starting when you were 14 years old
and ending when you were 18 years old
how would you feel if you had this
relationship with this older couple and
you then moved into their home
and started raising their kids when you
were 16 years old what if the positions
were reversed do that most basic
fundamental thing that sympathy requires
and think through how you would feel in
the other person's shoes if you had been
going through junior high and then high
school when you were in this
relationship with this older couple and
I'm completely willing to concede the
point that they obeyed the letter of the
law perhaps not the spirit of the law
that they obeyed the letter of the law
and they didn't actually penetrate this
teenage girl until a few days after she
had legally turned 18 I'm willing to
believe that okay let's just treat that
as a given here nevertheless this girl
do you think she had a normal high
school experience do you think she dated
other boys and discovered what it is to
be a woman and so on as other high
school girls do or do you think she
spent her high school years being
seduced by being really dominated by
this older couple anisia and his wife
who later become a Nisshin and his
husband Lainey who later renamed herself
Kai
how would you feel Ennis in what would
be the impact on your life if that had
been the main influence you live with
between age 14 and age 18 and then
finally how would you feel Ennis in if
you were sexually active with this
couple for just two weeks after you
turned 18 and then they dumped you then
they got rid of you then they made up
whatever complex psychological
explanation why they didn't want you and
they then discarded you and kicked you
out of the house how would you feel what
responsibility do you think that older
has towards this teenager whom they took
into their lives at such an early age
from they took into their house at age
16 whose experience of high school and
college if not even junior high before
that I don't know was she's by this
relationship in such an overweening
powerful way I'm afraid that the
progress we've seen in our civilization
in the last 500 years can be lost
because people don't appreciate why that
progress happened they don't appreciate
how it happened and they don't
appreciate the sacrifices that were made
to make it happen five hundred years ago
it was not so uncommon for an adult man
to pick out a fourteen-year-old girl to
be his bride to arrange marriages
through brokering things to the parents
you know what there were a lot of
disadvantages to that pattern of social
organization there's a reason why we
progress the word of society we're doing
that is instead considered criminal and
people go to prison for it there are
many many many reasons there are many
disadvantages for parents and children
also I mean think about what a
disadvantage you're putting the next
generation ad if they're raised by
mothers who get married and get pregnant
so early with so little formal education
or informal education with so little
experience of the world you know where
you know teen motherhood in that sense
being normalized institutionalized on a
massive scale there were a lot of things
wrong with their society five hundred
years ago there's a long struggle that
most people don't even really want to
read the history of of how we ended up
at our current set of social mores
today but let me tell you something in
this in if you wanted to play by those
rules the rules from 500 years ago if
you wanted to play by those rules then
when you pick out this 14 year old girl
or let's even be generous and say you
made the commitment when she was 16
instead but she's got screenshots to
prove everything going back to when she
was 14 she says whatever um if you chose
her at that stage and then you became
this incredibly powerful influence in
her life for so many years thereafter
dude you can't quit two weeks after she
turns 18
you can't discard her and tell her to
just move on after two weeks you've made
a commitment that lasts the rest of your
life those were the rules that men
played by those are the rules that men
were expected to live up to 500 years
ago there were a lot of disadvantages
500 years ago if somebody picked out a
bride at age 14 you have no idea what
kind of person she's gonna grow up to be
you have no idea
between the ages of 14 and 18 people
change tremendously between the ages of
18 and 22 people change tremendously and
you know on the level of human sexuality
nobody knows who they are at that age
nobody knows what they want or what
they're good you know or what they're
going to develop into something there's
no way they can have that self-knowledge
and there's no way that you from the
outside could possibly know who or what
you're committing to but initial what
you've done is evil and abhorrent in
many different ways
even if you obeyed the letter of the law
and I'm willing to believe you did you
have a long track record of just barely
obeying the letter of the law that seems
to mean a lot to you but you have no
sympathy is it really so hard for you to
imagine what a tremendously powerful
working influence that would have in
your life if you had got involved with a
fully grown couple and raised their
children and lived in their house from
age 16 to 18 if they had been the Sun
and the moon in your life for for those
crucial years of growing up and whatever
this girl's situation was at school I
don't know if she dropped out of school
or if she got at you I don't know what
her education system was but where she's
not dating other boys in a normal way
she's not living that way she's being
employed as your babysitter or an SEM
you can't treat someone as disposable
and just get rid of them after two weeks
of sleeping with them in that context
even if it's legal in one word it's evil